# Backups

Backups are very important in order to reset or retrive lost data. The application provides an all around eco system for generating and importing exports. Be aware that backups of different versions may not necessarily work with the current installed version which is why it is so important to perform regular backups. 

## Export

Depending on your server environment you can implement automated backups for files and database data. Unscheduled backups can also be generated by a simple click of a button. The backend system automatically generates backup files for the database and local files. In case of limited stroage it's also possible to only backup the database. 

The backup files will be stored on the server where they are getting generated and can be downloaded afterwards. The storage location is completely configurable and can be even a remote location. For security reasons make sure the socket or web applications don't have delete permissions on any files at these locations.

## Import

The import of the backups is also straight forward by simply clicking import and selecting the backup file. In case the backup version is not support by the current application or module version you'll receive a error message. 

During the import process it's also possible to choose which modules should be imported during the import process for better control. Before importing data into the application it's recommended to perform a backup in case of data corruption. In fact the application automatically offers you to perform a backup right before the import.